what's the third day of quarterfinals
with covers presented by mobile it
exciting right now by Candice what what
is your Chinese name how do you
pronounce it wrong in Chinese but like
my real name is Dwight usual okay but
like all the fans call me usual okay why
do they call is it a short like a
nickname because I just like tell them
my name is usual so they don't know my
family name is dawuan
very very good okay so you have had
several different interviews throughout
the course of this and I actually met
you at Worlds last year but I think a
lot of the NA fans might not know even
the Western fans might not know sort of
how you ended up here and I actually got
to read Penta q did a translation of a
story that you posted I don't know where
you posted it Weibo or someplace way boy
and also somewhere caught at Juhu okay
yeah that is Penta coos okay well I
really enjoyed reading the story so
maybe we can talk about it a little bit
so how did you end up like what is your
background how did you end up before you
were working with Tencent and riot and
Lolly sports how did you end up you know
doing all this mmm actually at first
when I graduate from my school
communication University of China I just
like doing the like music show music
radio something like that because I
really like to play the leak but I don't
have like tying or my family don't
support me that one it's a very common
story yeah but I just want to combine my
job in my hobby at that time I saw there
is something there recording the hostess
for the LPL yeah so I just just say like
maybe I can try and then I have the
opportunity to host the LPL in the
summer split of last year but the first
time I come to the worlds is last year
you can't wait like married before but
at that time I just like be the reporter
of some show called Oh changing 2016
okay and no not that much people watch
that like that
or something like that but this time
after one year I have the opportunity to
stand on a stage and to interview the
english-speaking players because I have
to do the piling going mmm that's like
my Ottaway - yeah stand on the stage so
when you were was summer LPL last year
your first time on camera because you
said it was like a radio show before
then right no the radio show before that
okay and so then with League of Legends
that was your first time doing like
on-camera interviews right and hosting
so was that difficult or scary for you
at all or was it easy because you maybe
you learned it in school or whatever
actually I don't think it's very like
difficult for me because I have also
doing some video show also in some game
show or something so I think he's not
that difficult for me because I think I
am like very confident for my like
camera showing something like that sure
yeah one thing that I have noticed at
least in the West is that often times
when a new face shows up on the
broadcast a lot of the fans are like who
is this we don't know this person I so
did the fans like the first time they
saw me because I'm not that beauty at a
first sight and I'm not that like thing
like Chinese
I don't yeah this is strange to like the
western fans who all think you're very
beautiful and thin and it's great but
Chinese like audience they will like the
girls very thing tiny like very little
facing the camera but I am NOT I work
very hard to lose my weight keep feet
something like that but the first time
might appear in a camera uh not that
much people like me okay and they say
who are you okay so why are you having
like big mouth I don't know I would not
do well here in China is what I'm
hearing so okay and then you started
doing these interviews now I'm trying to
remember because I feel like you're
English no offense
was not as good last year when we were
talking before now it's like perfect so
did you have to learn a lot over the
past year or was it just brushing up or
maybe I'm an idiot and I don't remember
how great your English was actually my
major in my college is English
broadcasting so I'm an idiot I don't
remember I don't remember I don't know
sometimes people will ask me whether
you're levy in America or you have been
like to study aboard but I'm not I'm
just studying English in China okay so I
don't know well either way it's very
impressive to see you now interviewing
all the foreign players and doing all
this I think some of your interviews
have made it over the West as people are
interested in sort of the interviews
that you are doing can you talk to me a
little bit about your inspiration
because I remember reading your story
and there was a person that you said you
wanted to be in your interviews right
when you were applying yeah I really
liked yeah because at a first time that
I have my interview to like apply for
route China I have said to my
interviewer that I would like to be the
shores in China okay and at that time I
think is like a really big go for me
like something like Mission Impossible
but I just try my best and I learned
from Shores and not to you the interview
no I just like Google or search on
YouTube for all kinds of interview EU an
a or like world's last year and also MSI
I have to learn like how you ask
questions the way you think and the way
you respond to the players their answer
and also like the casters how they use
the like professional worlds for the
League of Legend and is like very
difficult for me because mm I've know
that wall a leak okay I am terrible at
League of Legends - that's the secret
you don't have to be good you just ask
you just ask funny questions and people
yeah so I'm not that familiar with the
profession professional players in the
European or in America because you have
to ask some like very interesting
questions the fans would like to hear to
know about the relationship between
players but I don't know yeah
so I have to learn from the interviews
and also like the shows talking about
players their life so them eyes that
must be like some some works I have to
work home
are there any interviews you did last
year or this year that you really
enjoyed with foreign players or any
other foreign players that you thought
were very funny or interesting or
anything in this world or any of it
last year olds this world's any any of
it
maybe I think will be the interview with
our LPL player because I will ask some
question very funny okay because there
will be some like the media end jungle
signature things will ask whether you
like broken your relationships because
you like you didn't show up in a meal
and so I will ask you something like
that and they will say some will talk
the trash talk before it again and like
trash talk between the players you know
just like shall who and also max algae
their relationship will be like
sometimes my ax tree will not show up in
million to help show who can lead in the
million so I asked max algae whether he
better the relationship between you guys
just broken before the scale and I'm
sure I think will be very funny and I
will just search or Google or like
searched on the way board like Isla
social media in China about what kind of
words like say they will say before this
match and I will ask some questions like
- during that time say yeah and things
were really like that kind of
things expect like the traditional one
yeah strategy what do you think of for
your performance today they will like
that's too normal for them so maybe I
think that kind of is the very funny
sorry have you been able to ask any
crazy questions to you know any of the
na or EU LCS players I think I'm not yet
okay yeah so next next world
or maybe I mean who knows cloud and I
and maybe get it out maybe for now
maybe all-star I will give you a list of
like funny questions to ask these people
because I know them all pretty well so
actually I'm little worried about
because the audience in China were not
that for me there was our players so the
questions maybe I asked they were not
like I'm just worried about whether this
question our audience will like yeah
we'll figure it out we'll figure it I
will talk about it alright so I know you
want to watch this fnatic or ng game and
right now fnatic is winning you can look
at the screen I don't I don't care it's
ticking yeah I'm sure you really want
orangey to win it would be nice actually
I'm really support every team in lvl but
also I respect every team from all the
region ok yeah especially like the year
and because this time I just my task is
to like ask questions raise questions to
the English speak players so maybe it's
for this time I have the opportunity to
talk with them and also to feel what
they're feeling yeah right now or before
this worlds so maybe like kind of
support the European would also labor I
can teams sure what well I'll just kind
of wrap this up what has world's been
like for you so far because we're at
quarterfinals now we've had all these
weeks how have you enjoyed worlds and
what is it like having it in China
actually I have to say I'm really a
proud of all audience the fans here I
think the first time I participate in
all this progress in the world and I see
the fans cheer for each team
no matter
like whether they're Chinese or not
they're just cheering for them
especially the like the yesterday the
misfits they have lost that last game
against SKT but we see the crown is like
cheering for misfits they cheer very
loud of misfits and misfits like stand
on a stage and sink thank you for our
fans it's really proud of all of them
because I think the last year we've been
to America and the first year for TSM
whether they're on stage or not but this
time we can see the fans here not only a
cheerful LPL teams they cheer for
misfits fnatic kicked by marine and also
like in the playing stage degeneration
also other like ball the card teams I
think they're really make me proud yeah
yeah very good is there anything you
want to say to any of the Western fans
who are excited to see you at Worlds
this year ah I don't know because I
don't know whether like other fans in
the Western will like me or not I think
they like you yes I think they like you
really but if you like me and you can
like follow me you guys search for you
strong lol and also you can like send me
some messages to give me advice for
interview or other like other things I
think he is okay enjoy my interview yes
it to be careful when the fans give you
advice they might just meme you or make
her troll you or make jokes or something
s and if na you fans are crazy they're
very crazy as well but they're just like
say something but not that much people
would say something really mean to me
because I think people will like me
because I really like to smile my face
every time yes
that's a good it's a good reason to like
someone thank you so much for the
interview I will put your Twitter in the
description of this YouTube channel or
YouTube video so that people can see it
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things worlds
right here on my youtube channel oh
hello I didn't see there I
just got back to the hotel after going
to the venue for some interviews and I'm
actually just checking out the new
mobile it's a sports site that's right
you've heard me talk to you about how
they help you figure out your strengths
and weaknesses but they've just launched
this new thing for worlds there's so
much functionality and we tell you about
it
it's got schedules for the games and I
know a lot of you hate spoilers there's
actually a spoiler tag that changes the
functionality of the site to hide
results etc so that's what you're
interested in you've got that there are
pregame analytics and analysis for
matches before they even start
there are post game breakdowns builds
and more advanced sense including
analytics using mobile it's specific
formula there's even a section dedicated
to champions themselves in fact you can
search specifically for your favorite
player track their games view heat maps
read through their champions and see
more and finally by the way if watching
these videos is too taxing mobile it's
actually has transcribed many of my
world interviews for your reading
pleasure so be sure to check it out it's
got all sorts of cool stuff on it
explore the site its eSports top mobile
X dot Gigi and by the way thanks for
watching this video you can actually
sign up for their service if you want to
get better at League of Legends over at
mobile extra Gigi / Travis
well you haven't seen the new like this
is different that Broden was around for
all the other ones very no no for
quarterfinals I haven't been any
quarterfinals interviews yet oh yeah
the first quarter finals one was really
bad but okay sure let's go with that all
right